This movie is garbage lower than I can possibly imagine. The animation sucks, the dialogue sucks, the acting sucks, the dubbing sucks, the characters suck, the romance sucks, and there is no form of respect to the people who died on the Titanic. Well lets begin this rant by talking about how lazy the animation is. This film has animation that fails to impress at all. The film constantly shows stock footage from the movie. There really is some of the laziest uses of stock footage I have ever seen in this film. Then there is the terrible dialogue. Simply put it sucks. Then we have the terrible acting. Nobody at all does a good job, and the bad acting is made worse by awful dubbing. There are moments in the film where people are talking, and different recordings of a line will play to finish out the line they were speaking. Yes, these people are so bad they couldn't even finish a line in some cases. Then there is the scene were the singer is singing, and when she supposed to close her mouth for a change in a word she keeps her mouth open. Then we got the stupid romance. Some people say the romance in James Cameron's film was unrealistic. If you don't have the same opinion just show them this movie. The romance is way more unrealistic. At least with James Cameron's film they start to form a friendship before they fall in love. Here they really go by the saying love at first site. Just a few sentences talking to each other, and they start dancing. That is very stupid. Then we have the worst of the worst. This in no way at all give two sh*ts about the people who died on the Titanic. Lets count all the things that show no respect to this tragedy. 

1.Talking Animals 

2.A Rapping Dog 

3.3 Mexican Mice 

4.2 Slapstick Robbers Ripped Out Of "Home Alone" 

5.The 3 Mexican Mice's Song 

6.A Lifeboat Goes Back To Get People When That Never Happened In Real Life 

7.The Animals Save The Chef 

8.The Two Robbers Making A Silly Face At A Kid While Ship Is Sinking 

9.Dolphins Save The Animals 

10.The Most Sugar-coated Ending Epilogue Ever Where They Talk About All The Characters, And Their Happy Ending. During This They Don't At All Mention How The Titanic Was A Tragic Event That Killed Over A Thousand People. 

This just has no respect. The film also rips-off every last film you can imagine. Titanic, Lady and the Tramp, Home Alone, Cinderella, An American Tale, Beauty and the Beast, The Rescuers, etc. This film is so unoriginal. Overall this movie is inhuman. This poorly made, unserious, sugar-coated mess I can't believe was actually made. Screw this no good piece of crap.
